DP-44969 Add the CSS variables file to the repo (#2049)
massgov/mayflower: packages/tokens/README.md

# Massachusetts Design System CSS Variables

For general guidance on how to use the Design System, check out the [Design System Microsite](https://www.mass.gov/massachusetts-design-system).

> The semantic variables are created by running the [Token Forge Figma plugin](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1566133735926608173/token-forge-variables-tokens-builder) on the [Massachusetts Design System Foundations > Styles](https://www.figma.com/design/gCuxnTFonFcfYMsaaVemo7/Styles?m=auto) Figma file.

Reviewer: Since now semantic.css is renamed as index.css, it's not clear what "semantic variables" mean. I think instead adding some doc about what primitives mean and how they are used is helpful in README

can you also rename the `design-tokens-css/` folder to `dist/` ? I think that's more clear what the final deliverables are

Author: /dist is in the gitignore file, so I renamed the folder to css to make it clear but match expectations in the mayflower repo.

Currently they are edited by hand to remove any unhelpful directories/modes imported from Figma. We're working on how to make this process cleaner once we have the tokens looking the way we want. It does, however, allow us to use the prefix for our tokens, `mds`, when exporting.

> There is also files for testing these tokens that will not be included in the official release. These are index.html and styles.css in the `test-page` directory. While this is in testing mode, feel free to add elements in these files to test them before adding it to your own project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are also files for testing these tokens that will not be included in the official release. These are index.html and styles.css in the `test-page` directory. While this is in testing mode, feel free to add elements in these files to test them before adding it to your own project.
```

> For specifically exporting the JSON I've been using [Variables to JSON](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1468186413196022101/variables-to-json) on Base Tokens and Styles Figma files, as it formats them based on the DTCG standards. Once Figma is synced to our naming convention in the CSS variables, you will also hopefully be able to generate CSS variables from that JSON file using [Style Dictionary](https://styledictionary.com/). However pulling css variables directly from Figma with Token Forge is the preferred method. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For specifically exporting the JSON, one option is to use [Variables to JSON](https://www.figma.com/community/plugin/1468186413196022101/variables-to-json) on Base Tokens and Styles Figma files, as it formats them based on the DTCG standards. Once Figma is synced to our naming convention in the CSS variables, you will also hopefully be able to generate CSS variables from that JSON file using [Style Dictionary](https://styledictionary.com/). However, pulling CSS variables directly from Figma with Token Forge is the preferred method. 
```
